update for onedal df documentation (#1365)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/onedal/appendix/decision-tree.rst

.. ******************************************************************************
.. * Copyright 2021 Intel Corporation
.. *
.. * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. * You may obtain a copy of the License at
.. *
.. *     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.. *
.. * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. * limitations under the License.
.. *******************************************************************************/

> .. _decision_tree:

Reviewer: there is already a topic with this label in `docs\source\daal\algorithms\decision_tree\decision-tree.rst`, which results in an error during the build process

as a possible (temporary) solution:

```suggestion
.. _dt:
```

plus you'd need to make changes in text where you reference this topic

Decision Tree
*************

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

Decision trees partition the feature space into a set of hypercubes,
and then fit a simple model in each hypercube. The simple model can
be a prediction model, which ignores all predictors and predicts the
majority (most frequent) class (or the mean of a dependent variable

> for regression), also known as 0-R or constant classifier.

Reviewer: we need to simplify this sentence

read other comments -- I suggest to have a "related terms" section, you can create a term for simple model there, and define it there in all the  details. Then here you'll have a short mention of a simple model and what it does + have a link to the detailed explanation

Reviewer 2: The simple model is not a term in this context. 0-R is the term.

Decision tree induction forms a tree-like graph structure as shown in
the figure below, where:

> -  Each internal (non-leaf) node denotes a test on features

Author: no

> -  Each internal (non-leaf) node denotes a test on features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Each internal (non-leaf) node denotes a test on one of the features
```

> -  Each internal (non-leaf) node denotes a test on features

Author: fixed

-  Each branch descending from node corresponds to an outcome of the
   test
-  Each external node (leaf) denotes the mentioned simple model

.. image:: images/decision-tree-structure.png

>   :width: 600

Reviewer: we need alt text for this figure with `:alt:` directive

Author: fixed

Reviewer: I suggest this brief summary for the alt text:

```
:alt:  A binary tree with seven nodes: the root, two internal nodes, and four leaf nodes. Each non-leaf node denotes a test on one of the features.
```

> The test is a rule for partitioning of the feature space. The test
> depends on feature values. Each outcome of the test represents an
> appropriate hypercube associated with both the test and one of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A test is a rule for partitioning the feature space. A test
depends on feature values. Each outcome of a test represents an
appropriate hypercube associated with both the test and one of the
```

I think it makes sense to make a "related terms" section as it's done in k-d tree appendix topic, and add a test as term there. Then you can also refer to is from this topic or the decision forest topic

> descending branches. If the test is a Boolean expression (for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
descending branches. 

If a test is a Boolean expression (for
```

example, :math:`f < c` or :math:`f = c`, where :math:`f` is a feature and :math:`c` is a constant fitted
during decision tree induction), the inducted decision tree is a

> binary tree, so its each non-leaf node has exactly two branches
> ('true' and 'false') according to the result of the Boolean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
binary tree, so its non-leaf nodes have exactly two branches,
'true' and 'false', each corresponding to the result of the Boolean
```

expression.

> Prediction is performed by starting at the root node of the tree,

Reviewer: if you'll go with the "related terms" section idea, put this paragraph before it (right after the figure)

Author: it would be better to keep this section in this format

> testing features by the test specified by this node, then moving down

Reviewer: ```suggestion
testing features by the test specified in this node, then moving down
```

the tree branch corresponding to the outcome of the test for the

> given example. This process is then repeated for the subtree rooted

Reviewer: why `example`? sample maybe?

Author: fixed

> at the new node. The final result is the prediction of the simple

Reviewer: why `new` node?

Author: rephrased

model at the leaf node.

> Decision trees are often used in popular ensembles (e.g. boosting, bagging or decision forest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decision trees are often used in ensemble algorithms, such as boosting, bagging, or decision forest.
```

I'd move this sentence up before the `Decision tree induction...`

.. image:: images/decision-tree-structure.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: A test is a rule for partitioning the feature space. A test
        depends on feature values. Each outcome of a test represents an
        appropriate hypercube associated with both the test and one of the
        descending branches. 

        If a test is a Boolean expression (for
        example, :math:`f < c` or :math:`f = c`, where :math:`f` is a feature and :math:`c` is a constant fitted
        during decision tree induction), the inducted decision tree is a
        binary tree, so its non-leaf nodes have exactly two branches,
        'true' and 'false', each corresponding to the result of the Boolean
        expression.

        Prediction is performed by starting at the root node of the tree,
        testing features by the test specified in this node, then moving down
        the tree branch corresponding to the outcome of the test for the
        given sample. This process is then repeated for the subtree rooted
        at the node, discovered at the selected branch. The final result is the prediction of the simple
        model at the leaf node.

>         Decision trees are often used in ensemble algorithms, such as boosting, bagging, or decision forest.

Reviewer 2: Is this text to be shown always or just like alternative to the image?

Author: This text is shown always under the image
